docs: Added Style Guide and Test Writing Guide (#1897)
flame-engine/flame: doc/development/testing_guide.md

The time within the `game` can be advanced with `game.update(dt)`.

If you need to have a custom game inside this test (say, a game with some mixin), then use
```dart
testWithGame<_MyGame>(
  'the name of the test',
  _MyGame.new,
  (game) async {
    // test body...
  },
);
```

### Widget tests

Sometimes having a "naked" `FlameGame` is insufficient, and you want to have access to the Flutter
infrastructure as well. That is, to have a game mounted into a real `GameWidget` embedded into an
actual Flutter framework. In such cases, use
```dart
testWidgets('test name', (tester) async {
  final game = _MyGame();
  await tester.pumpWidget(GameWidget(game: game));
  await tester.pump();
  await tester.pump();

  // At this point the game is fully initialized, and you can run your checks against it
  expect(...);

  // Equivalent to game.update(0)
  await tester.pump();

  // Advances in-game time by 20 milliseconds
  await tester.pump(const Duration(milliseconds: 20));
});
```
There are some additional methods available on the `tester` controller, for example in order to
simulate taps, or drags, or key presses.

### Golden tests

> These tests verify that a component renders correctly. The process of creating a golden test is

Reviewer: Not only components

> These tests verify that a component renders correctly. The process of creating a golden test is
> simple:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These tests verify that things render as intended. The process of creating a golden test is
simple:
```
